you know you can tell me anything right
yeah i know have you ever had any
difficulty
getting to sleep uh
lately yes sarah have you ever been
diagnosed with any sleeping disorders
sleepwalking night terrors insomnia i
used to sleepwalk as a kid but i
haven't in years what are you studying
i can't tell you that it's a nightmare
are we ready don't you ever feel like
you're seeing something that you're not
supposed to
is this your first sleeping clinic do
you feel well rested
for some reason we always figure out a
way to simply discount those
[Music]
just dreams
if i show this to you i cannot tell
anyone
listen to me you i think your science
project is me up
what did you think would happen
[Applause]
[Music]
run
body tries to reject death and dreams
you wake up
what if you're wrong
you